# kosmos_mining
Data Contributor is the users of web site/APP. There data is upload to decentralized storage. To encourage data contributor share their data, kosmos set the mining contract as follows:
The KOSMOS platform produce a block with collecting 1GB data for each data contributor.
1. The person with the highest contribution value is more likely to get the block product. Contribution value is decided by data contribution*holding KMS*reputation. Considering the need for anti-cheating and fairness，we need normalize the data contribution. For example, if a user contributes N data, the data contribution is log2(N). If N is bigger than 1024, the contribution can be counted as 10. Calculation formula of reputation value is defined by rule 5. The contribution mechanism will be gradually improved in the community consensus. 
2. The tokens of a block are assigned as follows: 90% is assigned to block producer, who is selected based on rules 1.  The other 10% is assigned to a subsidy pool. This part is shared by other contributors of this block. Assignment rule will be defined by community.
3. To maintain the community reputation mechanism and avoid the spam, In the first n blocks, contributors will receive a block reward without restrictions. After that, each KOSMOS account needs to follow this mechanism： the contributor need hold at least 1 KMS in order to get 100% block income. Otherwise, they can only get n%，the rest is included in the subsidy pool.(Initially, n=24,x=10, after that, these values will be improved by kosmos community. All users holding KMS could decide this rule)
4. The number of tokens contained in a block is dynamically changed. Initially, every block contains 50 coins and is adjusted every 2 weeks. Subsequently, the number of coins in each block = the average number of users per hour in the past 2 weeks/ the number of blocks that have been dug up. 
5. The reputation is decided by history data and user community score. The initial value is set to 1. The reputation mechanism will be gradually improved in the community consensus.
